---
author: Mike Abasov
comments: true
date: 2012-10-18 11:15:47+00:00
layout: post
slug: ebook
title: 'Free Ebook: Corporate Identity Essentials for Startups '
wordpress_id: 911
categories:
- Social Media
- Startup Branding
tags:
- Corporate Identity
- Freebies
---

Do you ever wonder if having a corporate identity is important for your startup? Are you trying to figure out what kind of logo and colours you need? Are you thinking about getting merchandise but don't know where to start?

Well, start here! After months of writing, I'm happy to share with you our first ever ebook. As you can guess, it's called "7 Basic Components of Your Startup's  Corporate Identity," and it's exactly what you need if your company requires more design and branding love.




### What's Inside


**This ebook contains over 4,000 words on 33 pages**. It's filled with tips, frameworks and ideas to help your startup explode. It's made to help you:



	
  * Master the art of first impressions.

	
  * Improve conversion rates and speed up growth.

	
  * And achieve greater impact through consistent branding.


We'll be talking about naming, color theory, logo design, stationary and merchandise, social media, and even you as a founder.




### And Now the Best Part


**The ebook it totally, completely, relentlessly free! **All you need to do is fill out the form below, and you'll get it delivered right into your lovely inbox. No up-selling, no pitching, just an awesome subscription to our content and a free ebook.

I know you'll love it, so don't wait and get it now.



[ois skin="Book Download"]

  

[social_share/]



([click here if you're reading via RSS and can't see the form](/2012/10/18/ebook/))

_P.S. If you're already subscribed to Marketing Before Funding, check your inbox. The ebook should already be there. Also, you're amazing!_

_P.P.S. Huge thanks goes out to Kelsey I. for her phenomenal editing skills._
